hi guys get through here again today I'm
in eastern plaguelands a level 53 pally
right now and today I'm going to show
you a couple of pulling and power
leveling videos that you can actually
power level yourself through what I do
is I round them up and since I don't I'm
a good shield yet I'm letting my friend
right there greening takedown on while
he's not in party so I get all the good
exp and he takes him down with me so
it's really good exp for me and he
basically power levels there we go dig
54 and now I have a new shield if you'll
notice on my back skull flame shield and
I'm able to take a lot more hits block
rate goes up AoE damage plus I have a
thorium spike on it which is 20 to 30
damage per block and it has a product
that if you if you it's like a three
percent chance to steal 35 wife which it
procs quite a lot and one percent to
deal 150 AoE damage to everybody so
that's really good I slow down the
bigger battles that I do here so you can
get idea of how I power level myself
generally this is a good area because
all they can do is poison you and those
spellcasters know over the top hitters
really easy to take down
and what I like to do is I like to hurt
them all up get them halfway tapsee love
wisdom so I get all my mana so I can
keep using consecration and when they're
halfway you can either one use divine
shield heal up lay down another
consecration and then he'll the rest of
your HP or you could use lay on hands if
you're getting really low on mana it'll
actually give you a fraction of it back
so there we go and that was pull number
one I think we got a good 10 or 11 guys
there let's see there's 12 and these
guys drop what do you call them scored
stones for argent dawn reputation so
it's if you got to pee a prot pally it's
really good for farming these getting
high reputation really easy to do that
was about seven or eight guys right
there
and generally I like to hurt up to
graveyards as you'll see here in a
second I'm gonna get that guy and then
swing around and they're going to follow
since it's such a short pull range and
immediately tap your wisdom so you can
get HP per hit lay down consecration
once they're about halfway you'll be
about dead so that's when you bubble up
and here I actually use lay on hands
because as you can see my shields not
loaded up yet see they're almost about
half way right now
and
getting pretty low try to heal and since
there's so many on you it's still even
with the holy tree it's still going to
be hard so use lay on hands and then you
finish them up and that's pretty much in
a nutshell how you pull large amounts
and survive I generally do a pull every
five minutes that way I can get a
quarter of a bumper pool and I get a
half a bumper two poles so the other day
i got like two bulbs in at least 30
minutes or 20 or so but it was way
quicker really easy so we're going to
loot these guys probably 10 12 as a much
bigger pool than the last one and i'm
going to slow down the big pool so that
y'all can get an idea as i said before
and i'm going to speed up the other ones
because it gets too redundant a little
about myself okay um Ginter in the
altiris guild i'm gonna be guilt will
not killed but i'm going to power level
people and
normally we want to do is type / who for
the level of the the people that I want
for the instance like stockades is
twenty three twenty six or eight does it
really matter and I'll / who 20 through
28 and they'll give me a list of all the
players and they get the really
fantastic exp and sometimes people
actually pay you for a run so that's
always good and I've saved up for a
whole bunch of 60 gear so in the 60s
I'll bring you a lot more scarlet
monastery shadowfang but right now I'm
going to take it slow and try to level
I'm currently as of today to bub's from
55 so i'll hit 55 by the end of this
Thanksgiving maybe I mean 60 and I'll be
able to bring you all a whole bunch of
videos so stay tuned also if you want
subscribe it's free doesn't cost
anything all it says is that you
subscribe to me and when I make a video
the second it becomes live you'll be
able to see it more for you rather so
it's nice to be able to see the videos
the second they come out now this is a
really big pool I should have gone over
to the other graveyard but I didn't I
don't know why usually I'm thirsty for
it's so hard to get a graveyard nowadays
with people grinding all the time
hunters pallies any classes grinding in
these graveyards I've seen 58 59 s 54 s
everybody is an excellent grinding spot
these guys drop rude cloth bone
fragments cord stone or scourge stones
those little stones the tournament by
the 20s you get a faction from argent
dawn and all these guys start dying off
really really easy to do you just have
to realize you can do it if you have
mana you can survive that's all you got
to know mana equals live because if you
think about it manna is what you attack
with men is what you heal with men is
what you bubble with its man is
everything you keep mana you'll survive
let me know how y'all like my video is
also uh I'm trying to bring and deliver
you all the best videos I can try to
show you all how to do this so you may
be able to do this by yourself as well
as hook other people up pallys are like
the best instant runners that I know of
because they have the ability that just
takes so much damage but I could be
wrong but it's what I prefer mainly and
let me know what y'all think about my
videos leave comments rate at which you
think it deserves and when I hit 60 I'll
be able to bring you a whole bunch of
new goodies until then out
you